All right the last thing that we really need to do is make sure that we don't delete other people's
marbles.
And this is actually stopping us from doing that right away which is good.
We're seeing that unauthorized response.
We make a new message that's as awesome we actually can delete our own messages.
So what I want to do is just first make a new message and I only want a delete button to appear for
that specific message.
So what we're going to do is write a little bit of logic inside of our message item.
So for each message item that we render in the list we're going on to make sure that we pass in another
prop that we call this correct user.
So pass on a prompt call is correct user which is the current user and the messages user ID.
So is this current user coming from.
Well let's go grab it from redux the and it's going to be the current user that user data ID we really
just want that ID right there.
So the store then a property called Current User and now inside of all our message items will add a
little bit of conditional logic.
So we're determined to display the delete button if is correct user.
And if so then let's go display so that anchor tag do delete.
So if they're not the correct user we will display that.
So if we take a look we'll get an area that says Current User is not defined.
And we're getting that because we haven't passed that in as props so let's go see that and see an exact
problem inside of our message item.
Let's go to make sure that the structure is correct.
User inside of our message item.
So that's our first page and we should see that this looks good.
Can't actually see a delete button for that.
If we do it from testing that looks great.
What's lock out.
What's up.
Put in some information here.
It's put in a password and a user name.
And here looks like usernames are taken.
So let's change the username and let's go out and the message.
We can call this hello and inside if you're we're the only person who can delete this message.
And that looks really good.
We're going to we're going next is styling this application to make it look just a little bit better.
And then we're going to leave a lot of the functionality off to you to edit messages to follow other
people.
And what we've done is architected a system that allows us to scale this application while making API
calls easily with a good folder structure.
So in the next section we'll do a little bit of styling and talk about the.